README.md, before:

# Cookiecutter Data Science

_A logical, reasonably standardized, but flexible project structure for doing and sharing data science work._


#### [Project homepage](http://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/)


### Requirements to use the cookiecutter template:
-----------
 - Python 3.6+
 - [Cookiecutter Python package](http://cookiecutter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html) >= 1.4.0: This can be installed with pip by or conda depending on how you manage your Python packages:

``` bash
$ pip install cookiecutter
```

or

``` bash
$ conda config --add channels conda-forge
$ conda install cookiecutter
```


### To start a new project, run:
------------

    cookiecutter https://github.com/MisterVladimir/cookiecutter-data-science.git


[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/244658.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/244658)


### The resulting directory structure
------------

The directory structure of your new project looks like this: 

```
├── LICENSE
├── Makefile                            <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
├── README.md                           <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data
│   ├── external                        <- Data from third party sources.
│   ├── interim                         <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed                       <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw                             <- The original, immutable data dump.
│
├── docs                                <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
│
├── models                              <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── notebooks                           <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│                                          the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
│                                          `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
│
├── references                          <- Acronyms, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
│
├── reports                             <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
│   └── figures                         <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── requirements.txt                    <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                                          generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
│
├── setup.py                            <- makes project pip-installable (pip install -e .) so the `{{ cookiecutter.package_name }}` package can be imported
├── {{ "{:<35} ".format(cookiecutter.package_name) }}<- Source code for the project.
│   ├── __init__.py                     <- Makes {{ cookiecutter.package_name }} a Python module
│   │
│   ├── data                            <- Scripts to download or generate data
│   │   └── make_dataset.py
│   │
│   ├── features                        <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
│   │   └── build_features.py
│   │
│   ├── models                          <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
│   │   │                                  predictions
│   │   ├── predict_model.py
│   │   └── train_model.py
│   │
│   └── visualization                   <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
│       └── visualize.py
│
└── tox.ini                             <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.testrun.org
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! [See the docs for guidelines](https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/#contributing).

### Installing development requirements
------------

    pip install -r requirements.txt

### Running the tests
------------

**Natively**

```bash
pytest
```

**Docker**
```bash
docker-compose up
```

Commit message:

[master] Major refactor
 - Moved tests to {{ project_slug }}/post_gen_project.py
 - Removed tests in Docker image.
 - Using the standard `project_slug`
 - Remove `click` dependency by switching to argparse.
 - Use `pylint` instead of `flake8`
 - Remove feature to create `conda` environment

README.md, after:

# Cookiecutter Data Science

_A logical, reasonably standardized, but flexible project structure for doing and sharing data science work._


#### [Project homepage](http://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/)


### Requirements to use the cookiecutter template:
-----------
 - Python 3.6+
 - [Cookiecutter Python package](http://cookiecutter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html) >= 1.4.0: This can be installed with pip by or conda depending on how you manage your Python packages:

``` bash
$ pip install cookiecutter
```

or

``` bash
$ conda config --add channels conda-forge
$ conda install cookiecutter
```


### To start a new project, run:
------------

    cookiecutter https://github.com/MisterVladimir/cookiecutter-data-science.git


[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/244658.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/244658)


### The resulting directory structure
------------

The directory structure of your new project looks like this: 

```
├── LICENSE
├── Makefile                            <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
├── README.md                           <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data
│   ├── external                        <- Data from third party sources.
│   ├── interim                         <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed                       <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw                             <- The original, immutable data dump.
│
├── docs                                <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
│
├── models                              <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── notebooks                           <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│                                          the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
│                                          `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
│
├── references                          <- Acronyms, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
│
├── reports                             <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
│   └── figures                         <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── requirements.txt                    <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                                          generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
│
├── setup.py                            <- makes project pip-installable (pip install -e .) so the `{{ cookiecutter.project_slug }}` package can be imported
├── name_of_package                     <- Source code for the project.
│   ├── __init__.py                     <- Makes {{ cookiecutter.project_slug }} a Python module
│   │
│   ├── data                            <- Scripts to download or generate data
│   │   └── make_dataset.py
│   │
│   ├── features                        <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
│   │   └── build_features.py
│   │
│   ├── models                          <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
│   │   │                                  predictions
│   │   ├── predict_model.py
│   │   └── train_model.py
│   │
│   └── visualization                   <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
│       └── visualize.py
│
└── tox.ini                             <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.testrun.org
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! [See the docs for guidelines](https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/#contributing).

### Installing development requirements
------------

    python3 -m venv .venv
    . ./.venv/bin/activate
    pip install -r requirements.txt

### Running the tests
------------

**Natively**

```bash
pytest
```

**Docker**
```bash
docker-compose up
```
